feat(react): Slow down outline progression, fn comp only, new slides (#1561)
Techtonica/curriculum: react-js/class-based-components/react-part-1-intro.md

# Intro to React

### Projected Time

7 Hours 30 Minutes

- Lesson : 1 Hr
- Examples: 30-45 mins
- Guided Practice: 2 Hrs
- Independent Practice: 30-45 mins
- Challenge: 3 Hrs

### Prerequisites

- [HTML](../web/html.md)
- [JavaScript 6 - OOP or above](../javascript/javascript-7-oop.md)

### Motivation

React makes it easy to update your HTML as data changes and build complex apps out of simple, reusable components.

React is an open-source JavaScript library that is used for building user interfaces. It’s used for handling the view layer for web and mobile apps. React also allows us to create reusable UI components.

React allows developers to create large web applications that can change data, without reloading the page. The main purpose of React is to be fast, scalable, and simple.

[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com) created React as a framework to create reuseable components, like posts or comments, and allow the user see updates instantly. [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/) and [Airbnb](https://www.airbnb.com/) use it too.

### Objectives

**Participants will be able to:**

> - Explain the Pros and Cons of using React instead of other tools, like jQuery.

Author: ```suggestion
- Explain the Pros and Cons of using React instead of other tools, like JS DOM methods.
```

> - Explain the Pros and Cons of using React instead of other tools, like jQuery.

Author: OK OK I see what's happening here.  This is when I moved class-based stuff to another folder.  This is old. The new stuff is updated in the original file.

- No jQuery needed

### Examples

#### CodePen - Hello World component

In this CodePen, a basic Hello World component is rendered.  
Try modifying line 5 of the JS file to see the changes made to the file rendered.  
[CodePen of Example 1](https://codepen.io/jamesjose03/pen/ExVjYBM)

#### CodePen - Component with a single prop

Properties are values that are passed to the component for various uses. Here, the component has a prop called name.  
Try modifying line 12 of the JS file by changing the value ABC and view the changes made.  
[CodePen of Example 2](https://codepen.io/jamesjose03/pen/xxwGKvN)

#### CodePen - Component assigning a `className`

React uses className instead of class for CSS styling and other purposes.  
Here, the component has a className heading. Try applying various styles for the component by modifying the CSS file.  
[CodePen of Example 3](https://codepen.io/jamesjose03/pen/PoPqoqp)

### Common Mistakes / Misconceptions

1. In render functions, don't forget to return JSX. You can return null for an empty output.
   Remove the return from a component in one of the CodePens and take note of the error message shown.

> 2. Don't forget that variables in JSX must be enclosed in brackets. Example: `<div>Hello {this.state.thing}</div>`

Reviewer: Expressions, not variables.

Author: Thanks, I fixed it

> 2. Don't forget that expressions in JSX must be enclosed in brackets. Example: `<div>Hello {this.state.thing}</div>`

Reviewer 2: In functional components it would just be `<div> Hello { variableName } <div>` right?
